Disable relationship validations (#23)
mrhardikjoshi/graphiti-activegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Relationships mentioned in sparse field param (and not in include), will now be returned in relationship block of response

## 0.1.20

Features:

> - Disableing call save on reationships objects on a post/put request. Disabling sidepost. We can update relationships as earlier on post/put requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disabling calling save on relationship objects on a post/put requests. Disabling sideposting. We can update relationships as earlier on post/put requests.
```
